The script exercise.py is a script designed to help generate your personalizaed ab workout! It makes it personalized by asking you to input how the level of challenge you are up to and your personal fitness level. It then uses a random number generator to pick exercises from a set list to keep it every workout fresh and unique. 
The process of writing this script has proved to be more difficult then I expected. First I had to figure out the number of exercises and the repetitions that my number would generate to make it personalized. I came up with a solution of asking a user to input the difficulty of their workout (upon which the number of exercises is based) and their fitness level (upon which the number of repetitions is based). I have limited the possible responses to be either 1,2 or 3 to both question, but then I figured that I must have some sort of exeption if a user enters an integer outside of this range. A simple if else statement would not satisfy my wishes, as I also wanted the script to restart in case the else statement is satisfied. I had to google the command that does exactly that and then implemented it into my code. Next challenge was to assemble a list of exercises for the workout to be based upon. After couple of google searches, the list was assembled. The next challenge came from displaying the workout itself. First, I have thought about creating and then using a function which creates a random exercise.Then I realised that the function is not needed as it will just end up usin the randint function and will be too short anyways. That is when I have decided to use the forloop to loop through the number of exercises and print the exercises using randint function. After testing my script, I have found out that some exercises can be repeated in the workout, which is undesirable. I came up with a solution of using a while loop with a condition that while the exercise is the same as one of the exercises generated previously to generate another exercise until it is unique to the previous entries. Then I have realised that the workout is not complete as it would be much too simple for a beginner with just 3 exercises. I have decided to modify my output to also include that those 3 exercises are just 1 round and you will have to repeat the round specified amount of times. I noticed that I can also change the number of rounds based upon the fitness level of the user that was input previously. There are two ways I can implement this into my output: either by running my output the number of rounds, or just stating that the exercises are meant to be performed in a round system. I chose the latter as it simplifies my code and make the output to look much nicer than the first option I had in mind.
I am under the impression that I had a correct approach for this assignment, but one thing could be improved. It would be much easier to draw out my structure in pseud-code before trying to make a script. This would simplify my thought process and would make creating this script much easier, faster, and more efficient.
